---
title: 4th Blog
layout: post
author: adam.winstanley
permalink: /4th-blog/
source-id: 10yYl4oz6MpG5X9pvTvMcXipTsw4h65hDCQGLdW2vPt8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>4th Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>8/11/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>At the end of Worksheet 1 for repl.it</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finish Worksheet 1 and make good progress on Worksheet 2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes I think I did make a good start as I was almost finished with worksheet which we did in the lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What did I learn? What strategies were effective to my learning? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>After last week's lesson I had made good progress on Worksheet 1 and only had two questions left. It took me longer than anticipated to complete Worksheet 1 due to syntax errors which were just annoying spelling mistakes the majority of the time but some were the fact I’d confused my strings or  variables and they didn’t actually make any sense. So I had to get some help from one of my classmates but managed to complete Worksheet 1. Worksheet 2 which was us inputting data types for certain information which I completed, but didn’t get time to actually put the code into repl.it
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I was getting to distracted by the person sitting next to me as I kept on involuntarily helping him with things that he was stuck on instead focusing on my own work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will focus only on my work and aim to progress further into the Python course on a whole, now that we are on repl.it. I will resist the urge to hinder my learning by unnecessarily 'helping’ others. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


