---
title: 5th Blog
layout: post
author: adam.winstanley
permalink: /5th-blog/
source-id: 1Xu_e7t6Bib3yONVLMGiZdgOsvNc_IwSFOJNGd9IVLL4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>5th Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>8/11/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Made good progress on Worksheet 2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What did I learn? What strategies were effective to my learning? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Instead of using the worksheets this lesson, we were creating forms using else, if and elif. There are many different examples of how these programs are run using else, if and elif like signing up for a game or an online form of some sort. I chose an army registration form as my example using this code 

#Army Registration
print ("Welcome to the Army Registration Forms")
print ("************************")
age = int(input("Enter age:"))
if age >= 18:
  print ("You can legally join the Army")
else:
  print("Sorry, You are too young")

This means that if you input an age under 18 then the program will say that "you are too young", but if you're age is above 18 then it will say “You can legally join the army”.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I was getting to distracted by the person sitting next to me as I kept on involuntarily helping him with things that he was stuck on instead focusing on my own work. This meant I might of been able to give more examples using else, if and elif in everyday form.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will focus only on my work and aim to progress further into the Python course on a whole, now that we are on repl.it. I will resist the urge to hinder my learning by unnecessarily 'helping’ others and vice-versa asking too many people for help without me even trying in the first place.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


