---
title: 3rd Blog
layout: post
author: adam.winstanley
permalink: /3rd-blog/
source-id: 1jay3Oow416etkZkqPQMfuzw8dCDV6iYW4mX7Km4utTE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>3rd Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/1/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>At the end of the 2nd section on codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Make a good start to Python3 on repl.it</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes I think I did make a good start as I was almost finished with worksheet which we did in the lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What did I learn? What strategies were effective to my learning? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The lesson started with our teacher saying that we were no longer doing codecademy in lessons, and that we would moving onto a different coding platform (repl.it) which used Python3. So we created our repl.it accounts and started to work our way through a worksheet that used Python3 to make a sort of conversation with you and the computer. We coded it to ask us our name, and once we'd put our names into the program, it then said "hello ___. As we went through the exercises that were gradually building this conversation to ask our surname, then calculate our initials, and say our name back to front and with capitals or no capitals. 

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I was getting to distracted by the person sitting next to me as I kept on involuntarily helping him with things that he was stuck on instead focusing on my own work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will focus only on my work and aim to progress further into the Python course on a whole, now that we are on repl.it. I will resist the urge to hinder my learning by unnecessarily 'helping’ others. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


