---
title: 1st Blog
layout: post
author: adam.winstanley
permalink: /1st-blog/
source-id: 1boEIdo7wTiEOr24xWisDBHVpLRh-OXc6vAXpy4EGWcQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>1st Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>6/1/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Completely new to using the computer language Python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Make a decent start to the Python courses on 'codecademy'</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I think that I made a good start and had finished the whole of the first section and had gotten halfway through the second</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What did I learn? What strategies were effective to my learning? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We started  the lesson being told we were going to be learning about and using the computer language Python. I'd never used Python before and so was excited to try it. So we set up our accounts on codecademy and started our python course. The first section was called "Python Syntax" which I went through without any trouble, learning the basics of Python and how it worked etc. I then moved onto the Tip Calculator, this was a step-by-step Python 'lesson’ on how to use Python as a sort of calculator to work out how much your tip would amount to. Then to finish of the first main stage of the whole Python course, there was a 5 question quiz including the basics of Python and information concerning the Tip Calculator</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I was getting to distracted by the person sitting next to me as I kept on involuntarily helping him with things that he was stuck on instead focusing on my own work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will focus only on my work and aim to progress further into the Python course on a whole, resisting the urge to hinder my learning by unnecessarily ‘helping’ others. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


