---
title: 6th Blog
layout: post
author: adam.winstanley
permalink: /6th-blog/
source-id: 1eu8v9URoQgpUYZPmY8cORpTOtCDuISFFsOvsp3Negzg
published: true
---
y6h

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>6th Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/2/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We used else, if and elif to create a registration form/signing into something</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What did I learn? What strategies were effective to my learning? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>After our last lesson of creating forms using else, if and elif, we moved on to a different type of program that was used to try and calculate the wages that a paperboy would make depending on how many newspapers he delivered in a certain space of time and how much each newspaper costed. Once we put in the certain amount of newspapers that were being delivered and factored in the amount that was earned delivering each newspaper, the program then worked out much money the paperboy had earnt in pence (because the amount of money made by delivering each newspaper happened to be in pence) we then put in a line of code that would simply convert it into pounds and that was that.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I was getting to distracted by the person sitting next to me as I kept on involuntarily helping him with things that he was stuck on instead focusing on my own work. This meant I might of been able to give more examples using this particular type of code to show my extent of understanding how to use it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will focus only on my work and aim to progress further into the Python course on a whole, now that we are on repl.it. I will resist the urge to hinder my learning by unnecessarily 'helping' others and vice-versa asking too many people for help without me even trying in the first place.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


