---
title: 2nd Blog
layout: post
author: adam.winstanley
permalink: /2nd-blog/
source-id: 1xhGMAtb4rFKYMTQDVZryx9Jz8HstfNX9p2T4cfPj1X0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>2nd Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/9/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We've started to use 'vlookup’ and concatenatenation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What did I learn? What strategies were effective to my learning? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>After our last lesson of being introduced to the vlookup tool, we then looked at concatenation which is the operation of joining character strings end-to-end. We are using these two 'operations to encode and then decode a message much like what the Romans used to encrypt messages that they were sending to their armies in the ancient times, but we still use their idea of encryption to this day.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I was getting to distracted by the person sitting next to me as I kept on involuntarily helping him with things that he was stuck on instead focusing on my own work. This meant I might of been able to give more examples using this particular type of code to show my extent of understanding how to use it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will focus only on my work and aim to progress further into the Python course on a whole, now that we are on repl.it. I will resist the urge to hinder my learning by unnecessarily ‘helping' others and vice-versa asking too many people for help without me even trying in the first place.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


